hello from sony on today we'll learn how
to prepare the deep dish pizza let's see
what we need foto del twenty hundred
fifty grams of lukewarm water about
fifty hundred grams of flour free
spoonfuls of extra virgin olive oil 10
12 grams of brewers yes two teaspoons of
sugar 10 grams of salt for the garnish
350 grams of tomato puree 450 grams of
mozzarella cheese if you covered in
olive oil and some fresh basil leaves we
can need the down by end or use a stand
mixer in this case we pour anemic
surveys in the water and we add the
crumble yes we had a sugar as well and
we set up the mixer at minimums page
remember that the mixer must have is ook
at this point we add half of the flower
the oil is sold and and remaining flour
we let the mixer work for about 10
minutes once the doubt is smooth
homogeneous and elastic now the doubt is
ready so we can take it out of the mixer
place it on our workshop and shape it as
a bread block we care of a cross on the
top of the dough to facilitate leavening
and we place it a name in a hole with
glass bowl cover with a plastic film now
we let the dough rise for about 60
millions the temperature shall be about
28 30 Celsius degrees once it out is
ready we can spread it out in a baking
tray oil with the help of the brush we
grease our fingers and we spread out it
out with our fingertips leaving it a
little either on the borders
this point we cover the tray with a
dishcloth and we let it stand for 20
minutes more in the meantime we cut the
mozzarella in small cubes and we had
some salt and a drizzle of oil now we
just have to garnish the pizza we spread
it spread it with a tomato puree we
leave clear borders now we add the
mozzarella cubes and we finish with a
drizzle of olive oil let's put the
baking tray in the oven and twenty
hundred fifty Celsius degrees for about
15 minutes the pizza is ready so we
remove it from a tray and we had a fresh
basil then we cut into slices and serve
it out I showed you the preparation of
pizza margherita if you add other
ingredients such as olives small
artichoke soup pickled in oil or
mushrooms you can make the other types
of pizza for further information you can
check our website greetings from sonia
and enjoy your pizza